#309 Clarify soil water fraction notation in documentation (#321)
PecanProject/sipnet: docs/model-structure.md

\begin{equation*}
r_d = \frac{\text{rdConst}}{u},

> \qquad r_{\text{soil}} = \exp\!\left(r_{\text{soil},1} - r_{\text{soil},2} f_{\text{WHC}^*}\right)

Reviewer: As mentioned elsewhere, I think $f^*_{\text{WHC}}$ looks better.

Author: I've updated `docs/model-structure.md `to use the $f^*_{\text{WHC}}$ notation everywhere instead of $f_{\text{WHC}^*}$.

Where

- $f_{\text{WHC}}$: Soil water content fraction (unbounded)
- $W_{\text{soil}}$: Soil water content
- $W_{\text{WHC}}$: Soil water holding capacity

> For moisture *dependency functions* (heterotrophic respiration, volatilization, and methanogenesis) and evapotranspiration, SIPNET uses a clipped value internally. This prevents supersaturated water states from pushing moisture response multipliers above their intended maxima. We denote this clipped fraction as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For moisture *dependency functions* (heterotrophic respiration, volatilization, and methanogenesis) and evapotranspiration, SIPNET uses the clipped ratio $f^*_{\text{WHC}}$. This prevents supersaturated water states from pushing moisture response multipliers above their intended maxima. We denote this clipped fraction as:
```

\begin{equation}
f_{\text{WHC}^*} = \operatorname{clip}(f_{\text{WHC}}, 0, 1)

> \end{equation}

Reviewer: If we define $f^*_{\text{WHC}}$ in `parameters.md`, I think it's redundant to define it here too.

Author: I removed the redundant equation block (f^*_{\text{WHC}} = \operatorname{clip}(f_{\text{WHC}}, 0, 1)) from `docs/model-structure.md `and instead explicitly added $f^*_{\text{WHC}}$ as a standalone entry in the parameter table in `docs/parameters.md`
